SKILL.md, before:

---
name: zotero-pdf-to-litreview-ppt
description: Generate Chinese or English literature-review markdown and PPT from local Zotero collections and local PDF attachments, with a 3-stage pipeline (per-paper analyze, global synthesis, render). Use when users ask to build/refresh lit-review slides from Zotero collection names, inspect per-paper progress in GUI, adjust pipeline config, or edit analysis JSON before rendering.
---

# Zotero PDF to LitReview PPT

Use this skill to run the local pipeline and produce `review_<collection>.pptx`.

## Run GUI

```bash
streamlit run scripts/gui.py
```

Use GUI tabs in this order:
1. `Pipeline`: run Step 1/2/3 manually.
2. `Config`: edit and save pipeline config.
3. `Edit Analysis`: inspect and edit per-paper analysis JSON.

## Run CLI (stage by stage)

Step 1, analyze each paper:

```bash
python3 scripts/build_litreview.py \
  --mode analyze \
  --collection "museum-digital-human" \
  --language zh \
  --llm_mode codex_cli \
  --llm_model gpt-5-mini \
  --output_dir outputs
```

Step 2, global synthesis:

```bash
python3 scripts/build_litreview.py \
  --mode global \
  --collection "museum-digital-human" \
  --cluster_k 4 \
  --llm_mode codex_cli \
  --llm_model gpt-5-mini \
  --output_dir outputs
```

Step 3, render markdown and ppt:

```bash
python3 scripts/build_litreview.py \
  --mode render \
  --collection "museum-digital-human" \
  --language zh \
  --include_images true \
  --llm_mode codex_cli \
  --llm_model gpt-5-mini \
  --output_dir outputs
```

## Codex-First Quality Mode

Use `--llm_mode codex_cli` in all stages so content generation is done by Codex.

## Key Files

- `scripts/build_litreview.py`
- `scripts/gui.py`
- `config/pipeline.json`
- `config/section_map.default.json`

Commit message:

feat: integrate optional zotero-mcp RAG for global synthesis

SKILL.md, after:

---
name: zotero-pdf-to-litreview-ppt
description: Generate Chinese or English literature-review markdown and PPT from local Zotero collections and local PDF attachments, with a 3-stage pipeline (per-paper analyze, global synthesis, render). Use when users ask to build/refresh lit-review slides from Zotero collection names, inspect per-paper progress in GUI, adjust pipeline config, or edit analysis JSON before rendering.
---

# Zotero PDF to LitReview PPT

Use this skill to run the local pipeline and produce `review_<collection>.pptx`.

## Run GUI

```bash
streamlit run scripts/gui.py
```

Use GUI tabs in this order:
1. `Pipeline`: run Step 1/2/3 manually.
2. `Config`: edit and save pipeline config.
3. `Edit Analysis`: inspect and edit per-paper analysis JSON.

## Run CLI (stage by stage)

Step 1, analyze each paper:

```bash
python3 scripts/build_litreview.py \
  --mode analyze \
  --collection "museum-digital-human" \
  --language zh \
  --llm_mode codex_cli \
  --llm_model gpt-5-mini \
  --output_dir outputs
```

Step 2, global synthesis:

```bash
python3 scripts/build_litreview.py \
  --mode global \
  --collection "museum-digital-human" \
  --cluster_k 4 \
  --llm_mode codex_cli \
  --llm_model gpt-5-mini \
  --output_dir outputs
```

Step 3, render markdown and ppt:

```bash
python3 scripts/build_litreview.py \
  --mode render \
  --collection "museum-digital-human" \
  --language zh \
  --include_images true \
  --llm_mode codex_cli \
  --llm_model gpt-5-mini \
  --output_dir outputs
```

## Codex-First Quality Mode

Use `--llm_mode codex_cli` in all stages so content generation is done by Codex.

## Optional RAG for Stage 2

If `zotero-mcp` semantic DB is available, enable RAG in pipeline config:

- `rag_enabled=true`
- `rag_top_k=8` (adjust as needed)
- `rag_python_bin` optional (python with `zotero_mcp` installed)
- `rag_config_path` optional

RAG only enhances Stage 2 (`global`) and falls back safely on failure.

## Key Files

- `scripts/build_litreview.py`
- `scripts/gui.py`
- `config/pipeline.json`
- `config/section_map.default.json`
